{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Disclaimer: Please keep in mind that this is a form of personalised suggestion healthcare. Any diagnoses or advice are only suggestions and should NOT be taken as fact until verified by  an actual GP. If you are experiencing a medical emergency, please call 999 immediately.\
I am Neutrino, your ChatBot GP for Wisteria Manor Hospital. In this virtual doctor's appointment, I will listen to your symptoms, potentially form a diagnosis and suggest treatments I can also make you appointments. What is your name?Connie\
Neutrino: Hello Connie, it is nice to meet you! How can I help you today? If your stuck, I reccommend 1) asking for a diagnosis. Then, with the information I give you, 2) ask about treatment options and then 3) make an appointment if necessary.\
Connie: I want to make an appointment\
I think intent is... ['appointment'] 1.0000000000000002\
Neutrino: Checking for appointments...\
Neutrino: Is the  2024-06-10 at 13:15:00  a good time for you? Yes/No\
Connie: Yes\
Neutrino: You would like to make a booking with these details:\
   Time: 13:15:00 \
   Date: 2024-06-10\
 If these details are correct, please say yes.\
Connie: Yes\
Neutrino: Your appointment with a GP has been made, and I've sent along the notes from this consultation. We look forward to seeing you.\
Connie: Can i tell you my symptoms\
I think intent is... ['symptoms'] 0.5622024624578079\
Neutrino: Let's figure out what the issue might be.\
Neutrino: What are your symptoms?I have throat irritation and a cough\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['cough', 'throat_irritation']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.I have chills\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['cough', 'throat_irritation', 'chills']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.i'M SHIVERING\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['cough', 'throat_irritation', 'chills']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.shivering\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['cough', 'throat_irritation', 'chills']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.chest pain\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['cough', 'throat_irritation', 'chills', 'chest_pain']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.No\
Neutrino: I suspect you might have Pneumonia. However, I'm going to need to ask you some follow up questions.\
Neutrino: Do you have breathlessness?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have coughing up blood?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have fast heart rate?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have high fever?No\
Neutrino: Do you have mucous?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have sweating?Yes\
predicting with new found symptoms: ['chest_pain', 'chills', 'cough', 'throat_irritation', 'breathlessness', 'coughing_up_blood', 'fast_heart_rate', 'mucous', 'sweating']\
Neutrino: I think you might have Pneumonia. Would you like any more information or treatment advice? I recommend getting a GP appointment. If the diagnosis doesn't sound right, feel free to give me some more symptoms.\
Connie: Could i have some more information\
I think intent is... ['information'] 0.518017552740403\
Alright! Here is the information I have on that:\
Name                      Treatment                                                              Definition\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Pneumonia                 Mild pneumonia can usually be treated at home with rest, antibiotics and by drinking plenty of fluids. More severe cases may need hospital treatment.  Pneumonia is inflammation of the lungs, usually caused by an infection. Most people get better in 2 to 4 weeks, but babies, older people, and people with heart or lung conditions are at risk of getting seriously ill and may need treatment in hospital.\
Neutrino: I hope that information was helpful. What else would you like to know?\
Connie: I want to make an appointment\
I think intent is... ['appointment'] 1.0000000000000002\
Neutrino: Checking for appointments...\
Neutrino: Is the  2024-05-30 at 10:15:00  a good time for you? Yes/No\
Connie: Yes\
Neutrino: You would like to make a booking with these details:\
   Time: 10:15:00 \
   Date: 2024-05-30\
 If these details are correct, please say yes.\
Connie: Yes\
Neutrino: Your appointment with a GP has been made, and I've sent along the notes from this consultation. We look forward to seeing you.\
Connie: Change my name\
I think intent is... ['name'] 1.0\
Neutrino: Your name is Connie. Would you like to change it? Please say Yes or No:yeS\
What is your name?Josh\
Neutrino: Okay, Josh. What do you want to talk about now?\
Josh: I want a diagnosis\
I think intent is... ['information'] 0.2572653872283837\
Neutrino: I see. What would you like to do now?\
Josh: I want to tell you my symptoms\
I think intent is... ['symptoms'] 0.691414156330142\
Neutrino: Let's figure out what the issue might be.\
Neutrino: What are your symptoms?Diarrheoa\
Neutrino: What are your symptoms?Diarrhoea\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['diarrhoea']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.sweating\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['diarrhoea', 'sweating']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.muscle pain\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['diarrhoea', 'sweating', 'muscle_pain']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.I've also had a LOT of nausea\
Neutrino: I see you are experiencing ['diarrhoea', 'sweating', 'muscle_pain', 'nausea']. Do you have any other symptoms? If this is all, please say no.No\
Neutrino: I suspect you might have Dengue. However, I'm going to need to ask you some follow up questions.\
Neutrino: Do you have chills?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have headache?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have high fever?No\
Neutrino: Do you have pain behind the eyes?Not really\
Neutrino: Do you have skin rash?Yes\
Neutrino: Do you have vomiting?No\
predicting with new found symptoms: ['diarrhoea', 'muscle_pain', 'nausea', 'sweating', 'chills', 'headache', 'skin_rash']\
Neutrino: I am afraid your symptoms are too general for me to confidentally diagnose you. If you have multiple potential illnesses, try again and describe one set of symptoms at a time. Otherwise, please make an appointment to verify any advice or diagnoses by a  verified GP.\
Josh: Can i get an appointment with a real doctor\
I think intent is... ['appointment'] 0.33881803053150383\
Neutrino: I understand. What would you like to do next? Symptoms, treatments or appointments.\
Josh: I want a real doctor\
I think intent is... ['information'] 0.2572653872283837\
Neutrino: I understand. What would you like to do next? Symptoms, treatments or appointments.\
Josh: I want an appointment\
I think intent is... ['appointment'] 0.5190684503274874\
Neutrino: I see. What would you like to do now?\
Josh: Can i make an appointment\
I think intent is... ['appointment'] 0.5999623404121224\
Neutrino: Thanks for sharing. What can I do for you?\
Josh: Can you make me an appointment\
I think intent is... ['appointment'] 0.9075378461304451\
Neutrino: Checking for appointments...\
Neutrino: Is the  2024-06-07 at 09:15:00  a good time for you? Yes/No\
Josh: Yes\
Neutrino: You would like to make a booking with these details:\
   Time: 09:15:00 \
   Date: 2024-06-07\
 If these details are correct, please say yes.\
Josh: Yes\
Neutrino: Your appointment with a GP has been made, and I've sent along the notes from this consultation. We look forward to seeing you.\
Josh: Goodbye\
I think intent is... ['exit'] 1.0\
Have a nice day. Goodbye!}